object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC20_Single(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC20_Single(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC20_Single(Clone):BallisticEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC20_Single(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC20_Single(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC20_Single(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC20_Single(Clone):BallisticEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC20_Single(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):PPCEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):PPCEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):PPCEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM4(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM4(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM4(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM4(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM4(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM4(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM4(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM4(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):BurstBallisticEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):BurstBallisticEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):BurstBallisticEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):BurstBallisticEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC10_Single(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC10_Single(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC10_Single(Clone):BallisticEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC10_Single(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):BurstBallisticEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):BurstBallisticEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
[14:01:23.302]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:01:23.328]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:01:23.333]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:01:23.368]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:01:23.372]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(4)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:01:23.375]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(4)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:01:25.760]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(4)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:01:25.762]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(4)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:01:49.001]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:01:49.024]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:01:49.052]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:01:49.053]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:01:51.457]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:01:58.595]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:01:58.622]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(4)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:02:29.899]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:02:29.916]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:02:29.999]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:02:30.107]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:02:30.211]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:02:30.316]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:02:30.424]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:02:30.537]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:02:30.646]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:02:30.750]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:02:30.851]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:02:45.264]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:02:45.275]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM4(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM4(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM4(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM4(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:02:45.276]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(8)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:02:45.289]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:02:45.474]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(6)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:02:45.674]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(6)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:02:45.875]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(8)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:02:46.096]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM4(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM4(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM4(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM4(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:02:46.097]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(8)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:02:46.261]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(6)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:02:46.474]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(6)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:02:46.701]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(5)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:04.418]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:03:04.488]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:03:09.842]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPPCEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPPCEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPPCEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:03:09.880]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPulseEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPulseEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)(Clone):PPCEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPulseEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(2)
 object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCbeam
 components(3)
  vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCbeam:UnityEngine.Transform
  vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCbeam:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCbeam:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(5)
  object:beamFake
  components(3)
   beamFake:UnityEngine.Transform
   beamFake:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
   beamFake:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
  childs(0)
  object:beamHazeLinger
  components(3)
   beamHazeLinger:UnityEngine.Transform
   beamHazeLinger:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
   beamHazeLinger:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
  childs(0)
  object:spiralCasing1
  components(3)
   spiralCasing1:UnityEngine.Transform
   spiralCasing1:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
   spiralCasing1:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
  childs(0)
  object:spiralCasing2
  components(3)
   spiralCasing2:UnityEngine.Transform
   spiralCasing2:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
   spiralCasing2:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
  childs(0)
  object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCstrayArcs (1)
  components(3)
   vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCstrayArcs (1):UnityEngine.Transform
   vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCstrayArcs (1):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
   vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCstrayArcs (1):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
  childs(2)
   object:strobe
   components(3)
    strobe:UnityEngine.Transform
    strobe:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
    strobe:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
   childs(0)
   object:lingeringSmoke
   components(3)
    lingeringSmoke:UnityEngine.Transform
    lingeringSmoke:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
    lingeringSmoke:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
   childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:03:10.600]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPPCEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPPCEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPPCEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:03:10.626]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPulseEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPulseEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)(Clone):PPCEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPulseEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(2)
 object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCbeam
 components(3)
  vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCbeam:UnityEngine.Transform
  vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCbeam:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCbeam:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(5)
  object:beamFake
  components(3)
   beamFake:UnityEngine.Transform
   beamFake:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
   beamFake:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
  childs(0)
  object:beamHazeLinger
  components(3)
   beamHazeLinger:UnityEngine.Transform
   beamHazeLinger:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
   beamHazeLinger:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
  childs(0)
  object:spiralCasing1
  components(3)
   spiralCasing1:UnityEngine.Transform
   spiralCasing1:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
   spiralCasing1:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
  childs(0)
  object:spiralCasing2
  components(3)
   spiralCasing2:UnityEngine.Transform
   spiralCasing2:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
   spiralCasing2:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
  childs(0)
  object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCstrayArcs (1)
  components(3)
   vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCstrayArcs (1):UnityEngine.Transform
   vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCstrayArcs (1):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
   vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCstrayArcs (1):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
  childs(2)
   object:strobe
   components(3)
    strobe:UnityEngine.Transform
    strobe:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
    strobe:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
   childs(0)
   object:lingeringSmoke
   components(3)
    lingeringSmoke:UnityEngine.Transform
    lingeringSmoke:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
    lingeringSmoke:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
   childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:03:11.411]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPPCEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPPCEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPPCEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:03:11.431]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPulseEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPulseEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)(Clone):PPCEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPulseEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(2)
 object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCbeam
 components(3)
  vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCbeam:UnityEngine.Transform
  vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCbeam:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCbeam:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(5)
  object:beamFake
  components(3)
   beamFake:UnityEngine.Transform
   beamFake:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
   beamFake:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
  childs(0)
  object:beamHazeLinger
  components(3)
   beamHazeLinger:UnityEngine.Transform
   beamHazeLinger:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
   beamHazeLinger:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
  childs(0)
  object:spiralCasing1
  components(3)
   spiralCasing1:UnityEngine.Transform
   spiralCasing1:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
   spiralCasing1:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
  childs(0)
  object:spiralCasing2
  components(3)
   spiralCasing2:UnityEngine.Transform
   spiralCasing2:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
   spiralCasing2:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
  childs(0)
  object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCstrayArcs (1)
  components(3)
   vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCstrayArcs (1):UnityEngine.Transform
   vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCstrayArcs (1):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
   vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCstrayArcs (1):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
  childs(2)
   object:strobe
   components(3)
    strobe:UnityEngine.Transform
    strobe:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
    strobe:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
   childs(0)
   object:lingeringSmoke
   components(3)
    lingeringSmoke:UnityEngine.Transform
    lingeringSmoke:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
    lingeringSmoke:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
   childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:03:17.844]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:03:17.864]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(5)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:18.047]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(4)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:18.248]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(8)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:18.461]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(6)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:18.536]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:03:18.539]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(10)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0009
  components(2)
   CP0009:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0009:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:18.663]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(8)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:18.736]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:18.875]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(8)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:18.945]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:19.190]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:03:19.195]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(6)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:19.196]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:19.346]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:19.404]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:19.559]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:19.615]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:19.763]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:19.971]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:20.108]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:03:20.112]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:20.178]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:20.296]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:20.516]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:20.728]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:20.936]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:21.051]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:03:21.055]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:21.143]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:21.240]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:21.475]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:21.581]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:03:21.585]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:21.704]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:21.775]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:21.910]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:21.987]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:22.120]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:22.199]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:22.374]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:03:22.378]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:22.418]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:22.529]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:22.626]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:23.272]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:03:23.276]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:23.277]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:23.278]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:23.481]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:23.483]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:23.508]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:03:23.513]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:23.710]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:23.711]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:23.712]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:23.916]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:23.918]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:23.919]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:24.035]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:03:24.039]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:24.127]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(7)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:24.129]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:24.225]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:24.346]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:24.436]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:24.553]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(7)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:24.657]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:24.873]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(7)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:25.081]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(7)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:43.385]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:03:43.413]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:03:43.416]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:03:43.450]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(8)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:43.451]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:03:43.451]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:03:43.612]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(10)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0009
  components(2)
   CP0009:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0009:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:03:45.850]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:03:45.851]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:04:07.300]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:04:07.326]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:04:07.359]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:04:07.360]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:04:07.524]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:04:09.511]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:04:20.395]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:04:20.412]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:04:20.432]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:04:20.433]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:04:20.452]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:04:20.452]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:04:36.206]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:04:36.249]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:04:36.289]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:04:36.289]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:04:38.543]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:04:50.700]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:04:50.721]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:04:50.740]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:04:50.741]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:04:50.758]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:04:50.759]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:05:04.658]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBallisticEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBallisticEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC10_Single(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC10_Single(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC10_Single(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC10_Single(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBallisticEffect
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:05:04.693]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBulletEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBulletEffect
 object:AC10BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone)
 components(5)
  AC10BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  AC10BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):BulletEffect
  AC10BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  AC10BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBulletEffect
  AC10BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_AC10bullet_trail(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC10bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC10bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC10bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC10bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC10bullet_trail(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC10bullet_trail(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(1)
 object:Trail
 components(2)
  Trail:UnityEngine.Transform
  Trail:UnityEngine.TrailRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:05.274]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:05:05.277]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:05.338]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(7)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:05.406]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(11)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0009
  components(2)
   CP0009:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0009:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0010
  components(2)
   CP0010:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0010:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:05.476]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(10)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0009
  components(2)
   CP0009:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0009:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:05.548]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(8)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:05.621]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(9)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:05.704]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(7)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:05.777]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(7)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:05.853]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(9)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:05.927]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:14.579]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:05:14.594]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM4(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM4(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM4(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM4(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:05:14.595]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(10)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0009
  components(2)
   CP0009:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0009:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:14.614]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:05:14.784]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(9)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:14.989]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(11)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0009
  components(2)
   CP0009:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0009:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0010
  components(2)
   CP0010:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0010:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:15.149]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM4(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM4(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM4(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM4(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:05:15.151]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:15.152]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(7)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:15.268]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:15.405]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(11)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0009
  components(2)
   CP0009:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0009:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0010
  components(2)
   CP0010:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0010:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:15.544]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(6)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:36.464]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:05:36.512]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:05:36.515]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:05:36.559]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(9)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:36.559]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:05:36.560]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:05:36.724]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(11)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0009
  components(2)
   CP0009:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0009:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0010
  components(2)
   CP0010:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0010:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:36.929]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(11)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0009
  components(2)
   CP0009:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0009:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0010
  components(2)
   CP0010:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0010:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:37.138]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:37.372]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:37.407]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:05:37.410]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(6)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:37.576]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(10)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0009
  components(2)
   CP0009:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0009:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:37.577]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:37.780]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(10)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0009
  components(2)
   CP0009:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0009:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:37.781]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(11)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0009
  components(2)
   CP0009:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0009:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0010
  components(2)
   CP0010:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0010:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:37.982]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:37.982]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:38.199]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(11)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0009
  components(2)
   CP0009:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0009:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0010
  components(2)
   CP0010:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0010:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:38.200]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:38.409]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(11)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0009
  components(2)
   CP0009:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0009:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0010
  components(2)
   CP0010:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0010:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:38.410]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(6)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:38.627]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(10)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0009
  components(2)
   CP0009:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0009:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:38.847]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(6)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:39.094]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(10)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0009
  components(2)
   CP0009:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0009:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(11)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:05:39.297]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:06:00.907]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:06:00.936]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:06:00.975]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:06:00.975]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:06:03.381]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:06:03.381]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:06:10.471]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBallisticEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBallisticEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC10_Single(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC10_Single(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC10_Single(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC10_Single(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBallisticEffect
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(3)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
   DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:06:10.512]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBulletEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBulletEffect
 object:AC10BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone)
 components(5)
  AC10BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  AC10BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):BulletEffect
  AC10BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  AC10BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBulletEffect
  AC10BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_AC10bullet_trail(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC10bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC10bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC10bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC10bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC10bullet_trail(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC10bullet_trail(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC10bullet_trail(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC10bullet_trail(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC10bullet_trail(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(1)
 object:Trail
 components(2)
  Trail:UnityEngine.Transform
  Trail:UnityEngine.TrailRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:06:11.317]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:06:11.320]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(6)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(11)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:06:11.372]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:06:11.460]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(7)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:06:11.538]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(11)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0009
  components(2)
   CP0009:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0009:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0010
  components(2)
   CP0010:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0010:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(11)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:06:11.606]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(9)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:06:11.675]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:06:11.762]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:06:11.836]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(8)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:06:11.903]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(8)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:06:11.990]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(9)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:06:28.314]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:06:28.375]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:06:31.280]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:06:40.514]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:06:40.530]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:06:40.531]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:06:40.550]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:06:40.550]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:06:40.550]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:06:58.788]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:06:58.818]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:06:58.855]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:06:58.856]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:07:01.289]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:07:09.390]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:07:09.409]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:07:09.428]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:07:09.429]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:07:09.449]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:07:09.449]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:07:25.305]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:07:25.320]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:07:25.337]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:07:25.338]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:07:25.356]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:07:25.356]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:07:56.740]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:07:56.802]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:07:56.892]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(11)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:07:57.101]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(10)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0009
  components(2)
   CP0009:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0009:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:07:57.320]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(6)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:07:57.535]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:07:57.627]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:07:57.631]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(6)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:07:57.735]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(8)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:07:57.808]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:07:57.950]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(8)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(12)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:07:58.022]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(8)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:07:58.167]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:07:58.223]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(8)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:07:58.367]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(10)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0009
  components(2)
   CP0009:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0009:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:07:58.427]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(5)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:07:58.572]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(8)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:07:58.634]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(6)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:07:58.834]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(6)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:07:59.042]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(7)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:07:59.257]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:07:59.519]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(8)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:08:07.313]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBallisticEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBallisticEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC20_Single(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC20_Single(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC20_Single(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC20_Single(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBallisticEffect
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:08:07.354]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBulletEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBulletEffect
 object:AC20BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone)
 components(5)
  AC20BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  AC20BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):BulletEffect
  AC20BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  AC20BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBulletEffect
  AC20BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(1)
 object:Trail
 components(2)
  Trail:UnityEngine.Transform
  Trail:UnityEngine.TrailRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:08:07.829]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBallisticEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBallisticEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC20_Single(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC20_Single(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC20_Single(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC20_Single(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBallisticEffect
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:08:07.857]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBulletEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBulletEffect
 object:AC20BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone)
 components(5)
  AC20BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  AC20BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):BulletEffect
  AC20BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  AC20BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBulletEffect
  AC20BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(1)
 object:Trail
 components(2)
  Trail:UnityEngine.Transform
  Trail:UnityEngine.TrailRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:08:21.409]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:08:21.432]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:08:21.434]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:08:21.467]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(6)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:08:21.467]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:08:21.468]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:08:21.633]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(12)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:08:23.864]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:08:23.864]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:08:38.396]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:08:38.422]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:08:38.423]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:08:38.441]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:08:38.441]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:08:38.441]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:09:10.004]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:09:10.027]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:09:10.056]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:09:10.057]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:09:10.236]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:09:12.461]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:09:18.254]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:09:18.268]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:09:18.287]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:09:18.288]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:09:18.306]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:09:18.307]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:09:41.062]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:09:41.084]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:09:41.114]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(11)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:09:41.115]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:09:41.281]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:09:46.402]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:09:46.417]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:09:46.434]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:09:46.434]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:09:46.450]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:09:46.451]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:10:04.808]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:10:04.872]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:10:04.875]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:10:04.909]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(9)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(11)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:10:04.909]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:10:04.910]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:10:05.083]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(7)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:10:05.291]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:10:05.499]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:10:05.758]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:10:05.799]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:10:05.802]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:10:05.968]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(11)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:10:05.985]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(13)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:10:06.225]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:10:06.226]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(11)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0009
  components(2)
   CP0009:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0009:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0010
  components(2)
   CP0010:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0010:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:10:06.447]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(8)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:10:06.448]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:10:06.656]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:10:06.656]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:10:06.869]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:10:06.870]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(11)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:10:07.102]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:10:07.330]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:10:07.592]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:10:07.811]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:10:15.162]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBallisticEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBallisticEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC20_Single(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC20_Single(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC20_Single(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC20_Single(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBallisticEffect
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(3)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
   DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:10:15.189]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBulletEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBulletEffect
 object:AC20BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone)
 components(5)
  AC20BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  AC20BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):BulletEffect
  AC20BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  AC20BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBulletEffect
  AC20BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(1)
 object:Trail
 components(2)
  Trail:UnityEngine.Transform
  Trail:UnityEngine.TrailRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:10:16.157]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBallisticEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBallisticEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC20_Single(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC20_Single(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC20_Single(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC20_Single(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBallisticEffect
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(3)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
   DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:10:16.172]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBulletEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBulletEffect
 object:AC20BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone)
 components(5)
  AC20BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  AC20BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):BulletEffect
  AC20BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  AC20BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBulletEffect
  AC20BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_ac20Bullet_trail(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(1)
 object:Trail
 components(2)
  Trail:UnityEngine.Transform
  Trail:UnityEngine.TrailRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:10:28.986]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:10:29.010]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:10:29.012]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:10:29.043]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(7)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:10:29.044]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:10:29.044]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:10:29.219]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(13)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:10:31.434]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:10:31.434]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:10:39.887]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:10:39.902]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:10:39.903]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:10:39.919]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:10:39.919]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:10:39.919]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:10:56.608]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:10:56.634]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:10:56.665]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:10:56.666]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:10:56.834]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:10:59.063]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:11:09.375]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:11:09.392]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:11:09.409]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:11:09.410]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:11:09.426]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:11:09.427]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:11:29.943]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:11:30.008]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:11:30.038]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(7)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:11:30.039]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:11:32.441]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:11:39.811]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:11:39.824]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:11:39.838]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:11:39.838]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:12:29.119]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:12:29.143]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:12:29.146]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:12:29.178]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(7)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(11)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:12:29.179]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:12:29.179]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:12:31.585]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:12:31.585]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:12:38.064]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:12:38.079]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:12:38.095]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:12:38.096]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:12:38.112]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:12:38.112]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:13:37.398]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:13:37.422]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:13:37.454]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(8)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:13:37.455]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:13:39.129]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:13:45.196]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:13:45.211]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:13:45.227]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:13:45.227]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:14:05.947]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:14:05.979]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:14:06.017]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(6)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:14:06.018]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:14:08.271]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:14:27.105]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:14:27.171]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:14:41.707]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:14:41.721]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:14:41.722]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:14:41.739]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:14:41.739]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:14:41.739]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:14:58.167]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:14:58.198]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:14:58.207]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:14:58.245]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(7)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:14:58.246]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:14:58.246]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:15:00.515]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:15:00.515]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:15:09.435]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:15:09.453]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:15:09.472]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:15:09.472]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:15:09.491]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:15:09.491]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:15:27.647]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:15:27.682]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:15:27.720]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(6)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:15:27.720]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:15:27.880]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(5)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:15:30.053]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
[14:15:33.811]Init projectile:MeleeEffect
 object:MeleeEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:15:41.683]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:15:41.754]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:15:41.776]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:15:41.776]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
[14:16:07.941]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:16:08.054]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:16:10.457]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:16:36.654]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:16:36.725]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
[14:16:53.208]Init projectile:MeleeEffect
 object:MeleeEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:17:00.660]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:17:00.681]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:17:00.701]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:17:00.701]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:17:00.719]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:17:00.720]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:17:18.656]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:17:18.746]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:17:18.789]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:17:18.789]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:17:21.194]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:17:53.946]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:17:54.029]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:17:54.065]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(7)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:17:54.066]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:17:56.473]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:18:18.125]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:18:18.252]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:18:26.289]Init projectile:MeleeEffect
 object:MeleeEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:18:33.596]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:18:33.624]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:18:33.646]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:18:33.647]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:18:33.668]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:18:33.668]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:19:00.728]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:19:00.756]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(12)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:19:11.447]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:19:11.463]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:19:11.463]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:19:11.481]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:19:11.482]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:19:11.482]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:19:35.262]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:19:35.335]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:19:35.375]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(9)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(11)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:19:35.376]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:19:37.769]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:19:52.969]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:19:53.068]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:20:21.050]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:20:21.111]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:20:27.441]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:20:27.456]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:20:27.472]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:20:27.472]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:20:27.488]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:20:27.488]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:21:29.520]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:21:29.586]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(11)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0009
  components(2)
   CP0009:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0009:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0010
  components(2)
   CP0010:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0010:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:21:29.660]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(11)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0009
  components(2)
   CP0009:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0009:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0010
  components(2)
   CP0010:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0010:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:21:29.821]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(10)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0009
  components(2)
   CP0009:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0009:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:21:29.956]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(11)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:21:30.094]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:21:30.165]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:21:30.168]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:21:30.231]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(11)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:21:30.287]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(11)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:21:30.376]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(6)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:21:30.429]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:21:30.524]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(9)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(12)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:21:30.563]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(12)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:21:30.664]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:21:30.702]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(11)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:21:30.813]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:21:30.851]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:21:30.994]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:21:31.141]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(8)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(11)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:21:31.283]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(7)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:21:31.422]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:21:44.545]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:21:44.560]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:21:44.561]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:21:44.577]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:21:44.578]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:21:44.578]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:22:08.770]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:22:08.794]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:22:08.824]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:22:08.825]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:22:10.545]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:22:17.583]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:22:17.686]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:22:28.716]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:22:28.730]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:22:28.731]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:22:28.746]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:22:28.747]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:22:28.747]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:22:52.235]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:22:52.258]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:22:52.286]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(11)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:22:52.287]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:23:04.768]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:23:04.874]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:23:15.476]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:23:15.491]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:23:15.492]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:23:15.507]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:23:15.508]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:23:15.508]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:23:33.087]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:23:33.109]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(8)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(11)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:23:41.394]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:23:41.490]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:23:53.432]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:23:53.445]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:23:53.446]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[14:23:53.460]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:23:53.460]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:23:53.460]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[14:24:09.842]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:24:09.909]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(10)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:24:09.995]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(12)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:24:20.227]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[14:24:20.288]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(12)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[14:24:20.405]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(11)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
