object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Flamer(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Flamer(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Flamer(Clone):FlamerEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Flamer(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Small(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Small(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Small(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Small(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM2(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM2(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM2(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM2(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Small(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Small(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Small(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Small(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Small(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Small(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Small(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Small(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM5(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM5(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM5(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM5(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM5(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM5(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM5(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM5(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):BurstBallisticEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):BurstBallisticEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
[16:45:12.318]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[16:45:12.355]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[16:45:12.406]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:45:12.413]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(4)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[16:45:12.550]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:45:12.761]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:45:12.877]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[16:45:12.882]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:45:12.964]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:45:13.580]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:45:13.585]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:45:13.791]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:45:13.792]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:45:14.008]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:45:14.009]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:45:14.216]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:45:14.217]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:45:14.428]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:45:14.429]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:45:14.636]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:45:14.637]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:45:14.833]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:45:14.988]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:45:15.121]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:45:38.673]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[16:45:38.730]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone)
components(4)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[16:45:56.256]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[16:45:56.282]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[16:45:56.322]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[16:45:56.326]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[16:45:56.330]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[16:45:56.335]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[16:45:56.361]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(4)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[16:45:56.362]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(4)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[16:45:56.363]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(4)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[16:45:56.364]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(4)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[16:46:12.233]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[16:46:12.259]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[16:46:12.292]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[16:46:12.292]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[16:46:27.464]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[16:46:27.509]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[16:46:42.819]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[16:46:42.838]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[16:46:42.840]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[16:46:42.862]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[16:46:42.863]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(4)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[16:46:42.885]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[16:46:59.881]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[16:46:59.895]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[16:46:59.896]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM2(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM2(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM2(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM2(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[16:46:59.913]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[16:46:59.914]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(6)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:46:59.914]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[16:47:00.102]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(9)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:47:11.225]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM5(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM5(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM5(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM5(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[16:47:11.247]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(7)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:47:11.295]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(11)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0009
  components(2)
   CP0009:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0009:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0010
  components(2)
   CP0010:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0010:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:47:11.363]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(10)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0009
  components(2)
   CP0009:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0009:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:47:11.450]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:47:11.534]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:47:11.799]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM5(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM5(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM5(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM5(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[16:47:11.800]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(11)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0009
  components(2)
   CP0009:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0009:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0010
  components(2)
   CP0010:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0010:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:47:11.849]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:47:11.916]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(7)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:47:12.003]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:47:12.075]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[16:47:33.793]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[16:47:33.809]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(3)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
 DummyProjectile:CustomVoices.AudioObject
childs(0)
[16:47:33.831]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[16:47:33.848]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
