object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):PPCEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):PPCEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):BurstBallisticEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):BurstBallisticEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Small(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Small(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Small(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Small(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):BurstBallisticEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Flamer(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Flamer(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Flamer(Clone):FlamerEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Flamer(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC5(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC5(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC5(Clone):BallisticEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC5(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Flamer(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Flamer(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Flamer(Clone):FlamerEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Flamer(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):PPCEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):PPCEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Small(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Small(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Small(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Small(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC10_Single(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC10_Single(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC10_Single(Clone):BallisticEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC10_Single(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM2(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM2(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM2(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM2(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):LaserEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM2(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM2(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM2(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM2(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM15(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM15(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM15(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM15(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM15(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM15(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM15(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM15(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):BurstBallisticEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):BurstBallisticEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC20_Single(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC20_Single(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC20_Single(Clone):BallisticEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC20_Single(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM2(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM2(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM2(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM2(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM2(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM2(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM2(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM2(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Flamer(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Flamer(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Flamer(Clone):FlamerEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Flamer(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Flamer(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Flamer(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Flamer(Clone):FlamerEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Flamer(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Flamer(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Flamer(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Flamer(Clone):FlamerEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_Flamer(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM15(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM15(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM15(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM15(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM15(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM15(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM15(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM15(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):BurstBallisticEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):BurstBallisticEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM15(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM15(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM15(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM15(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM15(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM15(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM15(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM15(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):BurstBallisticEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):BurstBallisticEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MachineGun(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(0)
[05:18:12.305]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBallisticEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBallisticEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC5(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC5(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC5(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_AC5(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBallisticEffect
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[05:18:12.348]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBulletEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBulletEffect
 object:AC2BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone)
 components(5)
  AC2BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  AC2BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):BulletEffect
  AC2BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  AC2BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBulletEffect
  AC2BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_AC2bullet_trail(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC2bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC2bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC2bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC2bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC2bullet_trail(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC2bullet_trail(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(1)
 object:Trail
 components(2)
  Trail:UnityEngine.Transform
  Trail:UnityEngine.TrailRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:18:12.348]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBulletEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBulletEffect
 object:AC2BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone)
 components(5)
  AC2BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  AC2BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):BulletEffect
  AC2BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  AC2BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBulletEffect
  AC2BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_AC2bullet_trail(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC2bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC2bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC2bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC2bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC2bullet_trail(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC2bullet_trail(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(1)
 object:Trail
 components(2)
  Trail:UnityEngine.Transform
  Trail:UnityEngine.TrailRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:18:12.866]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBulletEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBulletEffect
 object:AC2BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone)
 components(5)
  AC2BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  AC2BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):BulletEffect
  AC2BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  AC2BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBulletEffect
  AC2BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_AC2bullet_trail(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC2bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC2bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC2bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC2bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC2bullet_trail(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC2bullet_trail(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(1)
 object:Trail
 components(2)
  Trail:UnityEngine.Transform
  Trail:UnityEngine.TrailRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:18:12.867]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBulletEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBulletEffect
 object:AC2BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone)
 components(5)
  AC2BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  AC2BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):BulletEffect
  AC2BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  AC2BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBulletEffect
  AC2BulletEffect(Clone)(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_AC2bullet_trail(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC2bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC2bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC2bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC2bullet_trail(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC2bullet_trail(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_AC2bullet_trail(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(1)
 object:Trail
 components(2)
  Trail:UnityEngine.Transform
  Trail:UnityEngine.TrailRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:18:12.935]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[05:18:12.939]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[05:18:12.964]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:18:12.967]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(4)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[05:18:13.145]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:18:13.353]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:18:13.552]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:18:13.765]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:18:13.984]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:18:24.063]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPPCEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPPCEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPPCEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[05:18:24.125]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPulseEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPulseEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)(Clone):PPCEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPulseEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(2)
 object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCbeam
 components(3)
  vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCbeam:UnityEngine.Transform
  vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCbeam:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCbeam:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(5)
  object:beamFake
  components(3)
   beamFake:UnityEngine.Transform
   beamFake:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
   beamFake:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
  childs(0)
  object:beamHazeLinger
  components(3)
   beamHazeLinger:UnityEngine.Transform
   beamHazeLinger:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
   beamHazeLinger:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
  childs(0)
  object:spiralCasing1
  components(3)
   spiralCasing1:UnityEngine.Transform
   spiralCasing1:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
   spiralCasing1:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
  childs(0)
  object:spiralCasing2
  components(3)
   spiralCasing2:UnityEngine.Transform
   spiralCasing2:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
   spiralCasing2:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
  childs(0)
  object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCstrayArcs (1)
  components(3)
   vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCstrayArcs (1):UnityEngine.Transform
   vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCstrayArcs (1):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
   vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCstrayArcs (1):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
  childs(2)
   object:strobe
   components(3)
    strobe:UnityEngine.Transform
    strobe:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
    strobe:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
   childs(0)
   object:lingeringSmoke
   components(3)
    lingeringSmoke:UnityEngine.Transform
    lingeringSmoke:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
    lingeringSmoke:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
   childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[05:18:24.992]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPPCEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPPCEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPPCEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[05:18:25.016]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPulseEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPulseEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)(Clone):PPCEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPulseEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(2)
 object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCbeam
 components(3)
  vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCbeam:UnityEngine.Transform
  vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCbeam:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCbeam:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(5)
  object:beamFake
  components(3)
   beamFake:UnityEngine.Transform
   beamFake:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
   beamFake:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
  childs(0)
  object:beamHazeLinger
  components(3)
   beamHazeLinger:UnityEngine.Transform
   beamHazeLinger:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
   beamHazeLinger:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
  childs(0)
  object:spiralCasing1
  components(3)
   spiralCasing1:UnityEngine.Transform
   spiralCasing1:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
   spiralCasing1:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
  childs(0)
  object:spiralCasing2
  components(3)
   spiralCasing2:UnityEngine.Transform
   spiralCasing2:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
   spiralCasing2:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
  childs(0)
  object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCstrayArcs (1)
  components(3)
   vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCstrayArcs (1):UnityEngine.Transform
   vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCstrayArcs (1):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
   vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCstrayArcs (1):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
  childs(2)
   object:strobe
   components(3)
    strobe:UnityEngine.Transform
    strobe:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
    strobe:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
   childs(0)
   object:lingeringSmoke
   components(3)
    lingeringSmoke:UnityEngine.Transform
    lingeringSmoke:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
    lingeringSmoke:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
   childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[05:19:17.605]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[05:19:17.664]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[05:19:17.748]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[05:19:17.752]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[05:19:17.755]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[05:19:17.758]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(4)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[05:19:17.799]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(4)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[05:19:17.801]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[05:19:17.801]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(4)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[05:19:17.802]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(4)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
components(3)
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
 WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
childs(1)
 object:DummyProjectile
 components(1)
  DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 childs(0)
[05:19:25.035]Init projectile:MeleeEffect
 object:MeleeEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):MeleeEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_MeleeAttack(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[05:19:54.770]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[05:19:54.823]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[05:19:54.902]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[05:19:54.903]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[05:19:54.941]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[05:19:54.941]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[05:20:05.979]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[05:20:06.012]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:20:06.192]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:20:06.418]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(3)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:20:06.560]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LRM10(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[05:20:06.568]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:20:06.622]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(10)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0009
  components(2)
   CP0009:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0009:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:20:06.647]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:20:06.760]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:20:06.827]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(11)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0009
  components(2)
   CP0009:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0009:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0010
  components(2)
   CP0010:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0010:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:20:06.873]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:20:06.986]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:20:07.036]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(9)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:20:07.106]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:20:07.214]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:20:07.240]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:20:07.324]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:20:07.429]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:20:07.455]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:20:07.545]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:20:07.673]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:20:07.874]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(4)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:20:35.944]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[05:20:35.984]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[05:20:36.054]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[05:20:36.057]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[05:20:36.059]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[05:20:36.087]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[05:20:36.087]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[05:20:36.087]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[05:20:52.769]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[05:20:52.792]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[05:20:52.793]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[05:20:52.794]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[05:20:52.818]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[05:20:52.818]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[05:20:52.818]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[05:20:52.819]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[05:21:09.233]Init projectile:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:MissileLauncherEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):MissileLauncherEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_SRM6(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 childs(1)
  object:DummyProjectile
  components(2)
   DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
   DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[05:21:09.289]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(9)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:21:09.367]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(9)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(9)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:21:09.574]Init projectile:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect
 object:MissileEffect(Clone)
 components(6)
  MissileEffect(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  MissileEffect(Clone):MissileEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  MissileEffect(Clone):FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySpline
  MissileEffect(Clone):DopplerEffect
  MissileEffect(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 childs(9)
  object:CP0000
  components(2)
   CP0000:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0000:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0001
  components(2)
   CP0001:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0001:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0002
  components(2)
   CP0002:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0002:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0003
  components(2)
   CP0003:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0003:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0004
  components(2)
   CP0004:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0004:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0005
  components(2)
   CP0005:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0005:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0006
  components(2)
   CP0006:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0006:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0007
  components(2)
   CP0007:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0007:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
  object:CP0008
  components(2)
   CP0008:UnityEngine.Transform
   CP0008:FluffyUnderware.Curvy.CurvySplineSegment
  childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AutoPoolObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponLRMmissileObject(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(4)
 object:Mesh
 components(3)
  Mesh:UnityEngine.Transform
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshFilter
  Mesh:UnityEngine.MeshRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
 object:smoke ribbon
 components(3)
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.Transform
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  smoke ribbon:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
 object:propulsionFlame
 components(3)
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.Transform
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  propulsionFlame:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(0)
[05:21:09.783]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[05:21:09.791]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPPCEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPPCEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPPCEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[05:21:09.826]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone)
components(4)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[05:21:09.866]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPulseEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPulseEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)(Clone):PPCEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_PPC(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotPulseEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone)
components(8)
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):UnityEngine.SphereCollider
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCprojectile(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(2)
 object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCbeam
 components(3)
  vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCbeam:UnityEngine.Transform
  vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCbeam:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
  vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCbeam:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
 childs(5)
  object:beamFake
  components(3)
   beamFake:UnityEngine.Transform
   beamFake:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
   beamFake:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
  childs(0)
  object:beamHazeLinger
  components(3)
   beamHazeLinger:UnityEngine.Transform
   beamHazeLinger:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
   beamHazeLinger:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
  childs(0)
  object:spiralCasing1
  components(3)
   spiralCasing1:UnityEngine.Transform
   spiralCasing1:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
   spiralCasing1:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
  childs(0)
  object:spiralCasing2
  components(3)
   spiralCasing2:UnityEngine.Transform
   spiralCasing2:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
   spiralCasing2:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
  childs(0)
  object:vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCstrayArcs (1)
  components(3)
   vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCstrayArcs (1):UnityEngine.Transform
   vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCstrayArcs (1):UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
   vfxPrfPrtl_weaponPPCstrayArcs (1):UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
  childs(2)
   object:strobe
   components(3)
    strobe:UnityEngine.Transform
    strobe:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
    strobe:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
   childs(0)
   object:lingeringSmoke
   components(3)
    lingeringSmoke:UnityEngine.Transform
    lingeringSmoke:UnityEngine.ParticleSystem
    lingeringSmoke:UnityEngine.ParticleSystemRenderer
   childs(0)
 object:Light
 components(2)
  Light:UnityEngine.Transform
  Light:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[05:21:11.125]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)
 components(3)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotLaserEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:DummyProjectile
components(2)
 DummyProjectile:UnityEngine.Transform
 DummyProjectile:AkGameObj
childs(0)
[05:21:11.158]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_Laser_Large(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserBeam_lrg(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_lrg
 components(2)
  laserLight_lrg:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_lrg:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[05:21:12.853]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone)
components(4)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[05:21:15.900]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone)
components(4)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone):AkGameObj
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[05:21:18.936]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
[05:21:21.964]Init projectile:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 object:WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)(Clone)
 components(4)
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)(Clone):LaserEffect
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
  WeaponEffect-Weapon_LaserPulse_Medium(Clone)(Clone):CustAmmoCategories.MultiShotBeamEffect
 childs(0)
 projectile:
object:vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone)
components(6)
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone):UnityEngine.Transform
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone):UnityEngine.LineRenderer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone):CustomUnits.CustomShaderReplacer
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone):AkGameObj
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone):CustomVoices.AudioObject
 vfxPrfLine_weaponLaserPulse_med(Clone):AutoPoolObject
childs(1)
 object:laserLight_med
 components(2)
  laserLight_med:UnityEngine.Transform
  laserLight_med:BattleTech.Rendering.BTLight
 childs(0)
